I wanted to do a quick video of a few
things that I got when I was out today
shopping I went shopping with my mommy
and my sister today so first I would
walk back and I get near hair removal
silky sensations it says has a soothing
hydration for radiant smooth skin and
permanganate and soy isolate and body
and it I could smell the permanganate
and saw a little bit I guess it doesn't
have a bad nurse smell - like the other
one I usually get em and then I got this
MV skincare foaming cleanser for my face
keep it from being so greasy I hate you
know your face without a greasy yeah I
don't like my face to look greasy I look
my tulips look clear and just regular
but yeah surprisingly this is all I got
from Walmart shop no Wayne I didn't I
got some um Ben Jerry's ice cream
strawberry cheesecake but after I left
um Walmart and wait I see Jamie because
I was in the area so I wanted to take
some ahead webcam said about three weeks
before and I want to take it back
because I didn't like you in the Koala
tools I didn't like it so I wanted to
take it back and I got another one
um so yeah I'm trying to still pretty
lady was like well what's wrong with did
she break in this mission but yeah my
mama she stepped in Hanna the situation
yeah my so pretty so check me out I got
up this ballet feet total fitness
four-way Pilates stretch and it says it
should sign your abs telling your upper
and lower body and increase flexibility
and it also it says it has an adjustable
tension for very existence acceptable
south door for core
and a fitness guy it's included so I got
it because I I wear I try to keep in
shape for shouting you know trust and
shape check out my guns yeah see boom
I work out so then I got this uh sorry
this pineapple belly triple mouth soap
it was the Box through pretty McKinney C
box came in and this is the soap quite a
lot it smells really good and that's
what I get from CJ makes with my story
and then the last thing I get for the
day I get when I was checking out
outside the east and I get um their
glimmer lines rush gap thanks so this is
it and it's pretty much business pull my
brush ups together I said it conceals
the brush traps it has instant living
support and it should help improve see
my posture is that it should help
improve my posture just kidding but um I
also got its Angela mine creamy baby oil
with aloe vera and vitamin E and this
angel of mine baby or in jail I wasn't
gonna give both of them but my systems
like oh this doesn't smell good and she
you know put it on in the stores like ok
here we go once I got both of these from
the same brand angel of mine oops
and lastly no smell lastly speed stick
deodorant don't check my deodorant this
is did do the other gonna have to use
because it works for me so I rather be
you know what I want stinks I use will
work for me and this is the works of me
and
sleep I get some bubbles I have these
bowls they were sitting on the register
in front so I was like okay yes even my
slips together I mean we're probably
gonna go downtown later when the Sun
Goes Down cuz of course it's hot too hot
to go out right now but yeah that's my
house quick beauty how a little few
things about today now I want to share
with you two
so thanks for watching this video hope
you enjoyed it um I probably I try to do
a few reviews after I use my products
for a while and um that's all thanks for
watching my video don't forget to
subscribe like hit the backplane go
ahead and then that's our YouTube back